docs: HTML embedding of charts/dashboards without authentication (#30032)
apache/superset: docs/docs/configuration/networking-settings.mdx

> Self-descried as a small Flask extension that handles setting HTTP headers that can help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Self-described as a small Flask extension that handles setting HTTP headers that can help
```
Might as well fix it while we're here

protect against a few common web application security issues.

## HTML Embedding of Dashboards and Charts

There are two ways to embed a dashboard: Using the [SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@superset-ui/embedded-sdk) or embedding a direct link. Note that in the latter case everybody who knows the link is able to access the dashboard.

### Enabling Embedding via the SDK

> Clicking on `...` next to `EDIT DASHBOARD` on the top right of the dashboard's overview page should yield a drop-down menu including the entry "Embed dashboard".

Reviewer: If I follow correctly, I don't see this option on my Superset because I haven't yet enabled this Superset config feature.  If that's right, could this instruction be moved below the feature flag instruction, so that users don't try this before it's possible?

> To enable this entry, add the following line to the `.env` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable embedding via the SDK, add the following to your Superset configuration file:
```
I'm thinking this could go in `superset_config.py` and it could be confusing to imply it has to be in the `.env`?

Author: I think It is intended as a feature flag. But setting it via the config file doesn't work for some reason. Maybe it's a bug. See #23989

```text
SUPERSET_FEATURE_EMBEDDED_SUPERSET=true
```
### Embedding a Public Direct Link to a Dashboard

> This works by first changing the content security policy (CSP) of [flask-talisman](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/flask-talisman) to allow for certain domans to display Superset content. Then a dashbaord can be made publicly accessible, i.e. **bypassing any authentication mechanism**. Once made public, the dashboard's URL can be added to an iframe in another website's HTML Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This works by first changing the content security policy (CSP) of [flask-talisman](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/flask-talisman) to allow for certain domains to display Superset content. Then a dashboard can be made publicly accessible, i.e. **bypassing authentication**. Once made public, the dashboard's URL can be added to an iframe in another website's HTML Code.
```

#### Changing flask-talisman CSP

> Add to superset_config.py the entire `TALISMAN_CONFIG` section from `config.py` and include a `frame-ancestors` section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add to `superset_config.py` the entire `TALISMAN_CONFIG` section from `config.py` and include a `frame-ancestors` section:
```
I love how you didn't duplicate the TALISMAN_CONFIG here, so that we don't have to keep an extra copy of it up to date!

```python
TALISMAN_ENABLED = True
TALISMAN_CONFIG = {
    "content_security_policy": {
    ...
	"frame-ancestors": ["*.my-domain.com", "*.another-domain.com"],
    ...
```

> ****This becomes active after fully restarting Superset. For Docker this means recreating the container.****

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restart Superset for this configuration change to take effect.
```

> #### Making a Dashboard Public

Reviewer: Something weird is happening with the markdown formatting here, the #### isn't rendering like it does above, the "as" in the "Add the public role ..." line looks odd.  Maybe the **** breaks the subsequent formatting?

1. Add the `'DASHBOARD_RBAC': True` [Feature Flag](https://github.com/apache/superset/blob/master/RESOURCES/FEATURE_FLAGS.md) to `superset_config.py`
2. Add the `Public` role to your dashboard as described [here](https://superset.apache.org/docs/using-superset/creating-your-first-dashboard/#manage-access-to-dashboards)

#### Embedding a Public Dashboard

Now anybody can directly access the dashboard's URL. You can embed it in an iframe like so:

```html
<iframe
  width="600"
  height="400"
  seamless
  frameBorder="0"
  scrolling="no"
  src="https://superset.my-domain.com/superset/dashboard/10/?standalone=1&height=400"
>
</iframe>
```
#### Embedding a Chart

> Can be done simply by going to a chart's overview page and then clicking at the top right on `...` > `Share` > `Embed code`

Reviewer: Maybe the formatting problem is a quotation mark, see how the color changes to blue after chart'

Author: It now looks fine. I think the issue is gone now.

> Can be done simply by going to a chart's overview page and then clicking at the top right on `...` > `Share` > `Embed code`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A chart's embed code can be generated by going to a chart's edit view and then clicking at the top right on `...` > `Share` > `Embed code`
```
